---
title: "02 Graber"
date: "2018-04-01"
---

<iframe src="https://anchor.fm/bosslee/embed/episodes/02-Graber-is-coming-e18q6j" width="400px" height="102px" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>

 Hello everyone! Welcome to episode two of Nightly If you are reading this via the newsletter, you need to click on “view on browser” to access the podcast player :) How are you doing tonight? You must be wondering why am I recording a podcast on a Sat night. Well, when you are over 30, very likely that you will not want to go out too late at night. It is very damaging for the body. It’s not like when you are in the twenties, you can go on days for not sleeping or maybe clubbing for two days straight. Once you are over 30, things start to change. So less complaint and let us do the show! Today, I like to share with you a story. By now you should know about the Grab and Uber merger in South East Asia. The news actually came out on the 26 Mar where Grab / Uber announced that as part of the acquisition, Uber will take a 27.5 per cent stake in Grab and Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi will join Grab's board. Shortly after this was announced, there were also clips about uber employees being ask leaving the office. So the PR was not very well done. There could have many reasons but I’m guessing it could be because the HR on both side was not prepared for it too. Now our SG CCS aka Competition Commission of Singapore says that that it has "reasonable grounds" to suspect that the merger of Grab and Uber has infringed the Competition Act. It has also proposed interim measures to maintain market competition and invited the companies to present their positions before it decides whether to impose the measures. This is like simi sai! The rumours have been going on for so long and CCS was not prepare for this? Anyway, how does it affect everyday people like you and me **First, we need to understand all businesses want to be monopoly** and being it gives the sole provider more bargaining power. For example, for me, Grab have already won the game in Asia When I was in VN/PH/MY/Th I have been using only Grab. **Second, how it affect us?** It’s not a good situation, there will be less promo codes for us and the price will go back to market level. However we do have a choice, we might not have the best public transportation but at least we can get to point to point. **Third, what’s next for grab?** I’m pretty sure you will agree with me is payments. For what it seems now, it looks like grab wants to your utility app. You take cab / bike and make payments with it. In the future, maybe having the options to do investments on it just like Alipay and Wepay in China. An app to do everything maybe except for social media. As in all technology moving forward, either we reject it or accept it. We the people have the power to stop it no matter how big it becomes.
