---
title: "04 Why is the train especially crowded on Monday?"
date: "2018-04-02"
---

<iframe src="https://anchor.fm/bosslee/embed/episodes/04-Why-is-the-train-especially-crowded-on-Monday-e1907l" width="400px" height="102px" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>

 Hello everyone! Welcome to the 4th episode of Nightly. I am your host, Bryan but you can also call me Bosslee. How was your day today? It's Monday over here in Singapore, so I'm kinda of suffering from Monday Blue. Like I ask myself why did the weekend go past so fast ? So today I like to talk about traffic. Have you wonder why traffic are always higher on a Monday? I mean I always leave home on time but usually on Monday, it is extremely crowded. I'm not sure why. I tried to Google it but there are no answers for it. Maybe it's because on Monday, everyone feels like it's a new start of the week so waking up early and being on time is one of the  goal. However as the time progress through the week, you get worn out by work this being less motivated to be on time. This is what I think, who do you think? On top of this traffic thing, I also like to share the worst kind of person you hate on Monday, it's those kind who comes up to you 30mins before you get off work and say "hey any chance of this being completed today?" Of course not! It's another half an hour to freedom. Why are you doing this to me? Plus rushing work will only mess things up. I had this very incident happened to me today, once the guy approached me and put forward the request. I replied "yes" I can do it but I can only give you the answer tml. This is what I think, everyone should respect each others time. I'm not saying I'm not going to do the work, what I'm sharing is that I will do the work but I have time allocated for it. How about you? How do you handle such a situation? I love to hear your side of the stories.
