---
title: "14 Breaking the habits"
date: "2018-04-28"
---

<iframe src="https://anchor.fm/bosslee/embed/episodes/14-Breaking-the-habits-e1cvfs" width="400px" height="102px" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>

 Hello everyone! Welcome to the 14th episode of Nightly. My name is Bosslee and I am your host!  So I totally broke my chain of schedule on recording podcasts for the last few days. Episode 13 was on 22 April 2018. I am so ashamed of myself. I do not have a specific topic to discuss about today but like to casually share some of the thoughts on my mind **1/ Habits** Do you still remember that I spoke about the habit loop in episode 5? In that I talked about how to build a habit. The key is to keep doing the thing for 66 days and you will build a habit. I said that i did it for Yoga. You know arh, this week my effort almost all gone down the drain. I missed 3 days of my yoga morning routine and I only managed to make a podcast recording today. So ashamed of myself loh. This habit thing really cannot missed it, if you missed one you think that it is alright to missed another one and very soon, you lose your habit. So tonight, I die die have to create an episode even though I do not have a specific topic in mind **2/ North and South Korea vow to end the Korean War in historic accord** This is like how sudden, when I caught the video yesterday I am also a bit shock. Not that I do not support it, I am totally inline with peace for both countries. Just a bit shock. Anyway, the video of both leaders walking past each of the border is pretty cute, you see both leaders holding hands and that really means a lot. Of course, there are internet comments that are skeptics on this matter, thinking if Mr Kim is planning something else. Let’s hope not. As this is truly a great start for both countries. Imagine how much N.korea can grow when they open up to the world market. It will be like the Chinese in the 2000s. **3/ Don’t believe everything on the internet** Mothership SG has a story about influencers on instagram starting to share investment scheme. Especially the one about owning part of a durian plantations. You pay $1796.62 one-time off and you will get a percentage of the payback every year from the sale of the durians. Exact details, you have to read the article but just wanted to let you know that financial advisory services can only be done by licensed financial advisors. If it is too good to be true, it is fake **4/ Happiness Is a Choice You Make** I am listening to this audiobook about “Happiness Is a Choice You Make” It talks about growing old gracefully, how there are always to have unexpected things that could happen. And many of the ads that sells you the dream of sailing at the age of 70, doing those crazy stuff at 80 are truth but that is a very small portion of people. Many are either suffering or being stuck in an nursing home. _“Living too long scared them; dying was the antidote to living too long.”_ _― John Leland, Happiness Is a Choice You Make: Lessons from a Year Among the Oldest Old_ Sometimes maybe facing death is a better option over trying to save someone on the hospital bed but in the long run giving the person lots of pain.
