---
title: "18 May weather sucks, SMRT Comms Team and FBI"
date: "2018-05-06"
---

<iframe src="https://anchor.fm/bosslee/embed/episodes/18-May-weather-sucks--SMRT-Comms-team-and-FBI-e1e4q6" width="400px" height="102px" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>

 Hello everybody! Welcome to the 18th episode of Nightly. My name is Bosslee and I am your host. How are you doing this amazing Sunday? It is interesting how we are able to wake up super early during the weekdays but when it comes to weekend, waking up at 7am is a struggle. Do you share the same? **So today I like to talk about three interesting topics**   **1/  May weather sucks** Yes. It is May already. If you did not notice; time flies. Whatever goals you set during your New Year Resolution, it should probably been broken by now. How do I know that because there is a study that 75% of New Year Resolutions are never kept. Anyway the news say that for the first two weeks of May, the daily temperature is expected to range between 25°C and 33°C. Sometimes in noon, it will hit a high of 35°C. On top of this crazy heat, there will be short-duration moderate to heavy thundery showers are expected mostly in the afternoon. Now I have to let you know that I am a believer of Climate Change and I believe all these crazy weather changes are due to our doing. So on a personal level, I would try to reuse, reduce and recycle. In fact, many people are doing that. One of the easiest thing we can do is to use less plastic bag :)   **2/ A Night With the SMRT Communications Team** Read this article on Rice Media about the how the SMRT Communications Team work, the pressure they faced and bad names they get. Interesting coverage on how the team is working on the SMRT behind-the-scenes videos so that people are aware that they are actually doing something. I think lots of credit should be given to the SMRT engineering team. Yes, the management might have some issues but the guys on the ground are the ones making it happened. And oh, Rice Media is a pretty good read, I wonder who started it. Thumps up.   **3/ FBI** FBI aka Facebook Investigator   If you are getting this via email, please click on read on web so that you can access the podcast player
